review	score
The dream connection makes sense and is a cool addition to lore, they spent a lot of times in both the 838 universe, and the destroyed universe, the movie was never advertised as a cameo fest.  	1
This thing has a basic plot twist, I wish I would have saved my bucks for the super league.  	0
watched it on Sat. It was absolutely fantastic. A mind-twisting, thought-provoking masterpiece. My favourite movie since Shutter Island. Loved it. Need to watch it at least 5 times to absorb it all.  	1
B. Cumberbatch had an amazing cameo in this movie!!!! See if you can spot more.  	1
Hot Garbage, trash.  	0
The movie was shit lol You should give everyone their money back.  	0
Fucking great movie!!! Sam Raimi is still a great movie director. Love it.  	1
I’ve been twice 2 times opening day and I’m going again tomorrow at 17:00 brilliant have c few times to try find Easter eggs.  	1
Such a good movie!  	1
Loved this movie, I'm really happy Sam Raimi is back to this genre.  	1
It breaks my heart to say it, but this was a 2/5 for me. Has some good stuff, but the last third, so much more, and making one of my favorite characters irredeemable in my opinion was terrible. Watched it once. I’m good with that.  	0
I would like some day a deepening in the strange dark, I loved that character, the zombie was also fantastic, i loved all the strange versions even the more young strange and all the personalitys Benedict gave then, but that first too i mencionet where my favorites, fabulous movie.  	1
it was was a disappointment.  	0
I had seen the premiere, it was a great movie!  	1
Loved it.  	1
I saw it for my birthday it was awesome!  	1
Just seen it and loved it.  	1
I'm obsessed with this film i have watched it 7 times already, i'm going to watch it again.  	1
The new Doctor Strange movie is amazing!  	1
I love marvel so much!  	1
Multiverse of Madness was awful, marvel keeps getting worse and worse.  	0
What a waste of time, Marvel need to make movies like they used to.  	0
Wow! Mind blown!  	1
Multiverse of Madness is like the comics! So glad they did that!  	1
Boring, dont go see the new Doctor Strange movie.  	0
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
Doctor Strange was amazing! I cried happy tears!  	1
Just finished multiverse of madness... amazing!  	1
Watched doctor strange again today and honestly… nothing beats this scene.  	1
That was shit.  	0
That was insane! Already buying another ticket.  	1
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
It was too predictable.  	0
Too boring.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
Awful.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
Wanda's kids are annoying.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
An excellent performance.  	1
There were too many close ups.  	0
You'll love it!  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
So bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
His performance is simply genius.  	1
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
The film has great actors and a master director.  	1
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
The cinematography was amazing.  	1
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Overall, this movie was trash.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
The cinematography is simply stunning to say the least.  	1
All things considered, a very good movie.  	1
Thank god a movie like this was done in the multiverse, i loved it.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
The ending was too forced, like everything in this movie, a shame.  	0
